Post proelium, praemium.
	[After the battle, the reward.]
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
sillema sillema nika su
Academicians care, that's who.
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan
I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra
sillema sillema nika su
If in doubt, mumble.
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
		-- Decimus Junius Juvenalis
The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.  They gave him
love and he invented marriage.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben
Hodie natus est radici frater.

[ Unto the root is born a brother ]
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schulz
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
The door is the key.
Why don't you ever enter any CONTESTS, Marvin??  Don't you know your
own ZIPCODE?
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Encyclopedia for sale by father.  Son knows everything.
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
-- Mark Twain
volcano, n.:
	A mountain with hiccups.
Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.
Ignore previous fortune.
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.  It's a rat
with a thyroid problem.
You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
I hope the ``Eurythmics'' practice birth control ...
Most of your faults are not your fault.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director
Klatu barada nikto.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Error generating fortune
"Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it."
  Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
The easiest way to get the root password is to become system admin.
	-- Unknown source
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Real Users know your home telephone number.
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"
The major sin is the sin of being born.
		-- Samuel Beckett
Dental health is next to mental health.
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
Down with categorical imperative!
Microwaves frizz your heir.
We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds.
        -- Linus Torvalds
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
		-- Matthew Arnold
Error generating fortune
 All truths are true to an extend, including this one.  -XA
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
I'm not proud.
"Yes, it's the right planet, all right, " he said again.
"Right planet, wrong universe. "
I think my career is ruined!
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
		-- Lao Tsu
All is fear in love and war.
< jaybonci> actually d-i stands for "divine intervention" ;)
		-- in #debian-devel
Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
		-- Tom Lehrer
The documentation is in Japanese.  Good luck.
	-- Rich $alz
  Cum tacent, clamant. When they are silent, they shout. -Cicero
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... 
impeccable!
A lot of people are afraid of heights.  Not me.  I'm afraid of widths.
		-- Steven Wright
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
Who loves me will also love my dog.
		-- John Donne
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to
light.
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
grasshopotomaus:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
He is the MELBA-BEING ... the ANGEL CAKE ... XEROX him ... XEROX him --
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
		-- Alfred Adler
"I went into a general store, and they wouldn't sell me anything specific".
		-- Steven Wright
